Pad when validating addresses (#4226)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

one of four types, as summarized in {{stream-id-types}}.

| Bits | Stream Type                      |

> | :--- | :------------------------------- |

Author: WTF vscode.

The endpoint MUST use unpredictable data in every PATH_CHALLENGE frame so that
it can associate the peer's response with the corresponding PATH_CHALLENGE.

> An endpoint MUST expand the payload of datagrams that contain a PATH_CHALLENGE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint MUST expand datagrams that contain a PATH_CHALLENGE
```

> frame to at least the smallest allowed maximum packet size of 1200 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frame to at least the smallest allowed maximum datagram size of 1200 bytes.
```

> Sending UDP datagrams of this size ensures that the network path supports a
> Path Maximum Transmission Unit (PMTU); see {{datagram-size}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending UDP datagrams of this size ensures that the network path from the
endpoint to the peer can be used for QUIC; see {{datagram-size}}.
```

The endpoint MUST use unpredictable data in every PATH_CHALLENGE frame so that
it can associate the peer's response with the corresponding PATH_CHALLENGE.

> An endpoint MUST expand the payload of datagrams that contain a PATH_CHALLENGE

Author: Yeah, that's true, but is it really necessary to add that detail?

frame to at least the smallest allowed maximum packet size of 1200 bytes.
Sending UDP datagrams of this size ensures that the network path supports a
Path Maximum Transmission Unit (PMTU); see {{datagram-size}}.

Note:

> : Probing with datagrams of 1200 bytes does not guarantee that the return path
>   also supports the same MTU. Migration to a path that can only carry a 1200
>   byte UDP payload in one direction will result in the peer being unable to
>   validate the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Probing with datagrams of 1200 bytes does not guarantee that the return path
  also supports the same datagram size. Migration to a path that can carry a
  1200-byte UDP payload in only one direction will result in the peer being unable to
  validate the return path back to the endpoint.
```
